So … Who am I?
It seems like such a simple question, but at the same time, it can be so confusing and complicated. In order to answer this question, I could simply tell everyone what my name is, what I do for a living, who my favorite celebrity is, and some questions like that. It’s kind of “boring”, but because I have not quite figure myself out yet, so guess what, this is exactly how I am going to tell you who I am today.
My Chinese name is “陈萌”, with the “萌” in “萌萌哒”. I cannot remember when this phrase become popular. Maybe It happened after a movie that 林志玲acted in. There is a famous sentence“萌萌，站起来.  Ever since that I got a nickname of 萌萌. I know it’s a lovely nickname, but to be honest, I do not like it. It is way too childish and girlish for me. And You know, in the companies I ever worked, only few people knew my full name. They are used to call me nickname so that they didn’t even know what my last name is. When people talk about me, they talk more about my name than my personality. They would say, “Ah, that girl with a cute name of 萌萌.” I prefer getting talked about in another way, such as, “Ah, the girl who works hard, who is so funny, so smart and so hot.” That would probably be a compliment I would very like to hear.My English name is also a topic. Many customers like to joke with me by calling me “Echooooooo”.  Some of them also asked me why did I name myself Echo? Does this name have any particular meaning? I have to say yes. There was a famous female writer in China named 三毛. I happened to know that her English name was Echo. I really appreciate her views on the relationships between two people, and I was deeply touched by her and Jose’s love story, so I gave myself the name, Echo.  
And  the first time when I came to this club, John told me that actually Echo was a name of a an ancient Greek fairy. I searched on internet and found out he is right. Echo was a beautiful goddess who fond of talking which is very similar to this echo. No matter in a chat or an argument, she always have the last word. She was loved by other goddess. Her beauty and kindness has been jealous by Zeus’s wife Hera. So Hera took away most of her voice. All she could do was echo sounds made by others. It was a beautiful story. If you want to know more, just search echo on the internet. 

Above is a brief introduction of myself. If you like this Echo and would like to make friends with her, please go and watch the famous American TV series, “Friends”. We will have a lot to talk about, and plus you will find out this Echo is as hot as Rachel, as funny as Phoebe, and as disciplined as Monica. 

By the way, to answer the questions, my full name is Echo Chen, I am now working as an oversea sale in a trading company. 林更新is My favorite celebrity .

And I just became an official member of toastmaster last week. It’s a magic club where people can always have fun. I am so glad to be here. 

Thank you all!

